bluetooth: fast_pair: Add Battery Notification documentation (#9436)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_bt_fast_pair.rst

  Managing memory used for the advertising packets is a responsibility of the application.
  Make sure that these functions are called by the application from the cooperative context to ensure that not discoverable advertising data generation is not preempted by an Account Key write operation from a connected Fast Pair Seeker.
  Account Keys are used to generate not discoverable advertising data.

>   Special battery data can be included in not discoverable advertising packet thanks to the Fast Pair Battery Notification extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Special battery data can be included in not discoverable advertising packet using the Fast Pair Battery Notification extension.
```

  To use this extension, you have to:

  #. Call :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_battery_set` to provide battery information.

>   #. Set :c:member:`bt_fast_pair_adv_config.adv_battery_mode` to include the battery notification in the generated advertising payload.

Reviewer 2: Set ... to either :c:enum:`BT_FAST_PAIR_ADV_BATTERY_MODE_SHOW_UI_IND` or :c:enum:`BT_FAST_PAIR_ADV_BATTERY_MODE_HIDE_UI_IND`

>   #. Call :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_adv_data_fill` with the appropriate Fast Pair advertising configuration to fill the advertising buffer with data.

Reviewer 2: I would rather say: Set :c:member:`bt_fast_pair_adv_config.adv_battery_mode` to include the battery notification in the generated advertising payload.

Author: Would:  "Set :c:member:`bt_fast_pair_adv_config.adv_battery_mode` in the call to the :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_adv_data_fill` to include the battery notification in the generated advertising payload." be okay for you?

Reviewer 2: The same configuration must be applied while getting the advertising data size. Since both functions are mentioned at the top of the paragraph, I think we may not mention them here again.

See the official `Fast Pair Advertising`_ documentation for detailed information about the requirements related to discoverable and not discoverable advertising.

Battery Notification extension
------------------------------

> The `Fast Pair`_ documentation specifies `Fast Pair Battery Notification extension`_.

Reviewer: I think instead of starting with link to the fast fair documentation, we could add some details about the use of 
"Battery Notification extension" in NCS (introduction statement) and after the explanation, we could provide the link to the Fast pair documentation as we are doing for the other sections.

> The `Fast Pair`_ documentation specifies `Fast Pair Battery Notification extension`_.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could move this under :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_adv_data_size`, :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_adv_data_fill` section.

We could simply inform that battery notification is Fast Pair extension and if enabled in the advertising configuration, user needs to provide battery values for all of the components using FP battery set API.

Reviewer 2: The battery mode needs to be always specified  in the advertising configuration, so maybe we could introduce the information in place where we inform about advertising data generation.

Special battery data can be included in not discoverable advertising packet.
To use this extension, you have to:
#. Call :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_battery_set` to set battery information.

> #. Call :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_adv_data_fill` with appropriate Fast Pair advertising configuration to fill the advertising buffer with data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Call :c:func:`bt_fast_pair_adv_data_fill` with the appropriate Fast Pair advertising configuration to fill the advertising buffer with data.
```
